Fabrx
Copyright (c) 2019 Fabrx

*** END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ***

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE.

1. LICENSE

By receiving, opening the file package, and/or using Fabrx ("Software") containing this software, you agree that this End User User License Agreement(EULA) is a legally binding and valid contract and agree to be bound by it. You agree to abide by the intellectual property laws and all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Unless you have a different license agreement signed by Fabrx your use of Fabrx indicates your acceptance of this license agreement and warranty.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Fabrx grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, without right to sub-license, to use Fabrx in accordance with this Agreement and any other written agreement with Fabrx. Fabrx does not transfer the title of Fabrx to you; the license granted to you is not a sale. This agreement is a binding legal agreement between Fabrx and the purchasers or users of Fabrx.

If you do not agree to be bound by this agreement, remove Fabrx from your computer now and, if applicable, promptly return to Fabrx by mail any copies of Fabrx and related documentation and packaging in your possession.

2. DISTRIBUTION

Fabrx and the license herein granted shall not be copied, shared, distributed, re-sold, offered for re-sale, transferred or sub-licensed in whole or in part except that you may make one copy for archive purposes only. For information about redistribution of Fabrx contact Fabrx.

3. USER AGREEMENT

3.1 Use

Your license to use Fabrx is limited to the number of licenses purchased by you. You shall not allow others to use, copy or evaluate copies of Fabrx.

3.2 Use Restrictions

You shall use Fabrx in compliance with all applicable laws and not for any unlawful purpose. Without limiting the foregoing, use, display or distribution of Fabrx together with material that is pornographic, racist, vulgar, obscene, defamatory, libelous, abusive, promoting hatred, discriminating or displaying prejudice based on religion, ethnic heritage, race, sexual orientation or age is strictly prohibited.


It is a violation of this agreement to assign, sell, share, loan, rent, lease, borrow, network or transfer the use of Fabrx. If any person other than yourself or your company team (Depending on your license) uses Fabrx registered in your name, regardless of whether it is at the same time or different times, then this agreement is being violated and you are responsible for that violation!


3.3 Copyright Restriction


Fabrx's name, logo and graphics file that represents Fabrx shall not be used in any way to promote products developed with Fabrx . Fabrx retains sole and exclusive ownership of all right, title and interest in and to Fabrx and all Intellectual Property rights relating thereto.

Copyright law and international copyright treaty provisions protect all parts of Fabrx, products and services. No program, code, part, image, audio sample, or text may be copied or used in any way by the user except as intended within the bounds of the single user program. All rights not expressly granted hereunder are reserved for Fabrx.

3.4 Limitation of Responsibility

You will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Fabrx, its employees, agents and distributors against any and all claims, proceedings, demand and costs resulting from or in any way connected with your use of Fabrx's Software.

In no event (including, without limitation, in the event of negligence) will Fabrx, its employees, agents or distributors be liable for any consequential, incidental, indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of use, business interruption, loss of information or data, or pecuniary loss), in connection with or arising out of or related to this Agreement, Fabrx or the use or inability to use Fabrx or the furnishing, performance or use of any other matters hereunder whether based upon contract, tort or any other theory including negligence.


Photos or illustrations used in Fabrx are for demonstration purposes only, and their legal right are reserved to their owners.

If you need any further information regarding this License Agreement, please contact us at support@fabrx.co
